PicQ Pictures Manage Privacy Policy.

Privacy Policy.

Proocloog (“we” and “us”, as the case may be) values the importance of your privacy.
Proocloog Privacy Policy of PicQ Pictures Manage covers the collection, use, and disclosure of information.

This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control,
or to people whom we do not employ or manage.

Information or data collection and usage:
We collect anonymous usage information and application failure data.

Any of the anonymous information or data we collect may be used in one of the following ways :
-To improve quality of the application (PicQ Pictures Manage). 
-To personalize your experience by better respond to your individual needs.

We DON’T collect any data relate to your pictures files used in application (PicQ Pictures Manage).

The application (PicQ Pictures Manage) collect data of the customer who is currently signed in to the
device, for using in push notification and advertising services.

Protection of information or data:
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer collected data to outside parties.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us to distribute application,
conducting our business, or servicing you,
so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law,
enforce us, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.

Your Consent:
By using our application (PicQ Pictures Manage), you consent to our Privacy Policy.

The application (PicQ Pictures Manage) or our policy may change,  and if appropriate,
we will revise this Privacy Policy to reflect the changes. We will post the updated version here,
and we will notify you if we think the changes will significantly impact the treatment of
information you have already provided.

You agree that your continued use of our products or services after such amendment will constitute your
acceptance and agreement to be bond by the modified policy.

This privacy policy applies only to information or data collected online through our application
(PicQ Pictures Manage) not to information collected offline.

Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

proocloog@hotmail.com

Privacy Policy Created by Chirayus Piyakulsak (Proocloog).
